INSTRUCTIONS:
STAGE 1:
  Step 1: Open the Purple Place game and minimize it. (make sure you have previously chosen the "Hard" difficulty and the "Don't ask again" option.)

  Step 2: Run the "First script", a command console will appear.
    WARNING: It is possible that your "Windows defender" prevents the file from running, this does not mean that the file is a virus (you can check       the code and verify it). So you just have to allow it to run. At this point, it's possible that your mouse became a little slow, that's normal so     don't worry.

  Step 3: Don't click anywhere, you can only move the mouse (yes, this is a step).

  Step 4: Use Alt+Tab to bring the game to the screen.

  Step 5: Perform the following sequence of clicks::
    WARNING: ONLY make the necessary clicks. ONLY if your mouse stops moving, use Crtl+C between each of the clicks you make during the sequence.
    - Clothing game.
    - Select one of each clothing, (any) (1 head, 1 eyes, 1 nose, 1 mouth, 1 clothe).
    - Select the check box.
    - Return to the main menu.

  Step 6: Use Alt+Tab again to place the command console on the screen and press Crtl+C.

  Step 7: If you did it right, the console will stop and you will see exactly 16 coordinates in the "Ur moves" section. Copy and paste those            coordinates into a Notepad. Now close the console and the game.
    WARNING: If the console doesn't stop, just keep pressing Crtl+C.


STAGE 2:
  Step 1: Run the "Second script", a command console will appear (which you must minimize) and a box where you can paste the coordinates (in the box    that says "Ur moves") that you obtained with the previous script.

  Step 2: Open the Purple Place game and use Alt+Tab to bring the box where you had the coordinates pasted to the main screen.

  Step 3: Enter the number of times you want the loop to repeat (the first time enter 3 repetitions, so you can see that everything is fine).
    WARNING: After the next step the only way to stop the program is by pressing the "Stop" button (which is complicated during the loop) and turning     off the computer.

  Step 4: When everything is entered, press the "Start" button, minimize the box to have Purple Place game on the main screen and watch the magic.

RECOMMENDATIONS:
- If you do this during the day, start with a low number of loops, there are 3,125 clothing combinations, so you can start with 300 repetitions.
- If you do this overnight, you can increase the number of repetitions to 1,500 or 3,125, as you prefer.
- If you have any bugs or problems with the scripts, leave your comments.

That's all, I hope you get your achievement and don't forget to rate this guide.
Have a nice day.
(👍≖‿‿≖)👍
